doc: add instruction about proxy-request-buffering for image upload (#550)
harvester/docs: docs/upload-image.md

3. Delete the stuck image, and then restart the upload process.

> #### Upload Huge Size Image Pending in Rancher Multi-Cluster Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Prolonged Uploading of Large Images in Rancher Multi-Cluster Management
```

If you upload an image with huge size (usually more than 10GB) from Multi-Cluster Management, the image may stay in status *Uploading*.

> This is related to the *proxy-request-buffering* in ingress configuration, which is also specific to the cluster that is hosting Rancher.

Author: Hi @jillian-maroket,
I changed `If you upload a very large image (over 10 GB) from the Multi-Cluster Management screen on the Rancher UI, the Uploading status may be displayed for an extended period.` as `If you upload a very large image (over 10 GB) from the Multi-Cluster Management screen on the Rancher UI, the progress may be stuck in the Uploading status.` to avoid misleading, please take a look, thanks.

> This is related to the *proxy-request-buffering* in ingress configuration, which is also specific to the cluster that is hosting Rancher.

Reviewer: @WebberHuang1118 I understand that my suggestion does not describe the issue well. Unfortunately, the new wording "the progress may be stuck in the Uploading status" is not grammatically correct. How about this:

*If you upload a very large image (over 10 GB) from the **Multi-Cluster Management** screen on the Rancher UI, the operation may take longer than usual and the image status (*Uploading*) may not change.*

> This is related to the *proxy-request-buffering* in ingress configuration, which is also specific to the cluster that is hosting Rancher.

Author: @jillian-maroket 
Updated per suggestion, thanks.
